so it's a hot summer day you're outdoors
enjoying the weather
you'll want to lie in the cool grass
somewhere in the shade just to relax
but ew looks like someone spat there
but it's actually a spittlebug's house
these guys sip a lot of watery sap from
the plants
and when they process it it forms a lot
of bubbles
not less than 150 times their body mass
daily
all these bubbles form a cocoon where
young insects can grow
safely no bird or animal wants to eat
this cocoon because it tastes bitter
as if you licked a nintendo cartridge
not so
fast cheetah apparently dracula ant is
the world's fastest animal
and the vampires in the ant world they
definitely win any burger eating contest
since they're able to snap their jaws
five thousand times faster than your eye
can blink
to understand how fast the dracula ant
is you gotta make a video of his jaws
chomping
at 480 000 frames per second
at this speed you'll see the ant slowly
moving its mandibles
they don't run but their mouths are
rapid and they move those jaws so fast
they even bend while snapping together
now people can do that too
snapping our fingers so that they bend
the darkest animal out there is the im70
chicken
not only these guys have black feathers
eyes and claws
they also have black bones the color is
bluish black
and it is deep if you ever try those
chicken wings
they'll look as if someone had marinated
them in blackberry juice or
squidding they say marco polo was the
first to have discovered these odd or
charming roosters back in 1298 the
explorer wrote about a breed of chickens
that were as black as cats and laid the
best eggs
this freshwater fish has been around
since the beginning of the 20th century
and probably remembers good old times
with black and white
and even silent movies one big mouth
buffalo made it to 112 years old
still the world's oldest creatures live
in the sea
there are deep sea sponges that are 11
000 years old
and they're safe and sound this fish has
incredible gills
which lets it hold its breath for over
four minutes
meet the coffin fish a weird looking but
tough animal
they're also famous as sea toads they
actually look much more like toads
not classic fish with fins and scales
they can also inflate because of the sea
water they gulp
so they expand just like a balloon in
fact
this super ability lets this fish hold
its breath for several minutes
because they actually get the oxygen
from the water they keep inside
but the absolute champion is the human
the world's champion can survive holding
the breath for over
20 minutes there are some animals that
make their own clothes
sponge crabs make a sort of hat from
sponges to protect them from underwater
bad guys
to figure out how the crabs decided on
their outfit
researchers gave them some foam sponges
that were different in sizes
the bigger the crab is the bigger the
sponge it chooses
they use various techniques to get this
perfect shape starting from cutting out
a small
hole for the head and then they see if
the size fits them
if they're good to go they continue to
cut and dig into that sponge
until it becomes a perfect hat
recently researchers have spotted a mod
that would drink
birds tears while they sleep so far
there were only three registered cases
of
animals feeding on other animals tears
these were some amazon butterflies
solitary bees and moths their regular
diet mostly includes nectar
but it does lack essential salts that
aren't that easy to find elsewhere
not only do they drink birds tears they
also drink turtles tears
crocodiles tears and those of many
mammals found in the amazon jungle
really crocodile tears some sea dwellers
can emit
red line for example the stoplight loose
jaw fish
uses it to catch dinner shrimps don't
see the red light
so the loose jaw fish can spot any red
shrimp emitting pulses of red light
and catches it without scaring the
dinner away mammals can glow too
a flying squirrel glows under uv light
emitting
pink light it happens because they're
able to absorb light
and emit it back in another wavelength
the platypus may not have the largest
cheek pouches
but they're definitely the weirdest they
keep gravel inside those pouches to help
mash the food they normally eat
worms shellfish snails these guys are
toothless so gravel comes in handy when
it comes to chewing the food
it works just like a blender ooh makes
you wonder what they use for the
mouthwash huh
now if humans had the same incredible
cheeks just like
chipmunks have we'd be able to transport
our groceries right in our mouths
in fact chipmunks can transport
something as large as themselves in
their oversized mouth luggage sections
hamsters have the same superpower too
and can even carry their young in the
mouth
in case of the need to run away a baby
carrot
which seems tiny for a human but
significantly large for a hamster
can disappear without a trace in between
those huge cheeks
the mariana snail fish which logically
lives in the mariana trench
is relatively small it's as large as two
medium candy bars
despite the size they can easily
withstand the pressure
that equals 1 600 elephants standing on
it
this fish has a unique body structure
for example
it has some gaps in the skull if their
skull was uniform and had no holes
it would never withstand the pressure in
the depths of the mariana trench
plus their cartilage skeleton is soft
and flexible
they also have no actual eyes but they
really don't need them since they live
in complete darkness in the world's
deepest trench
hey meet the pinocchio frog not hard to
guess
their nose can grow in size in the blink
of an eye in various situations
whenever they feel danger coming it gets
larger when these frogs are calm and
feel safe
it goes back to normal it may also
elongate when they
want to attract mates and probably when
they croak a lot
just kidding do you enjoy it when it
rains you probably grab a cup of hot
chocolate
cover yourself up with a blanket and sit
on the windowsill
looking at the drops dripping down the
window if you like it
you're definitely not a myanmar snub
nose monkey that's been recently
discovered
guess where in myanmar their nostrils
are so
upturned and exposed to the outer world
that they sneeze every time it rains
but if you were in a choir you have
something in common
snub knows monkeys like singing together
amazon pink river dolphins aren't born
pink
they're young or always gray but the
older they get
the pinker they turn it's like people
having wrinkles when they age and these
guys
simply get a different color hey i like
to get a little
pink instead of those smile lines
you'd certainly love to be a termite
because of their crazy sleep schedule
they actually never sleep and the only
thing they do
is nibble on the wooden pegs they see
around them well
if you're afraid of gaining weight
because of a cellulose rich diet
you could probably turn into a snail
they get a power nap for some hours
and then can run without sleep for as
long as 30 hours in a row
no fish can survive for any significant
period of time without water
except this one the african lung fish
when they feel something's wrong they
start secreting a mucus cocoon
and go underground give or take nine
inches under the soil
they have a built-in tube to breed
mountain stone wheaties native to new
zealand aren't afraid of drastic
temperature changes
their blood contains a special protein
that doesn't let their blood crystallize
in case of extreme temperatures
they tolerate any cold better than polar
bears and even penguins
who live in the officially world's
coldest place antarctica
ring-tailed lemurs have one of the
craziest ways of conflict resolution
they have stink fights taking into
account the average number of lemurs in
a group
about 20 or 30 animals you'll see
there's a lot of competition
their scent glands are on their wrists
and shoulders those on the wrists are
harmless
the odor they produce is quite volatile
those on the shoulders are nasty
and produce brown funky smelling paste
that would outlast
any perfume so back off